It will be seen that it deals with an entirely ideal state of society
and the chief embarrassment of the writers in this realm of the
imagination has been the want of illustrative examples In a State where
there is no fever of speculation no inflamed desire for sudden wealth
where the poor are all simple-minded and contented and the rich are all
honest and generous where society is in a condition of primitive purity
and politics is the occupation of only the capable and the patriotic
there are necessarily no materials for such a history as we have
constructed out of an ideal commonwealth

No apology is needed for following the learned custom of placing
attractive scraps of literature at the heads of our chapters It has
been truly observed by Wagner that such headings with their vague
suggestions of the matter which is to follow them pleasantly inflame the
reader interest without wholly satisfying his curiosity and we will
hope that it may be found to be so in the present case

"Squire" Hawkins got his title from being postmaster of Obedstown, not
that the title properly belonged to the office, but because in those
regions the chief citizens always must have titles of some sort, and so
the usual courtesy had been extended to Hawkins. The mail was monthly,
and sometimes amounted to as much as three or four letters at a single
delivery. Even a rush like this did not fill up the postmaster's whole
month, though, and therefore he "kept store" in the intervals.

The Squire was contemplating the morning. It was balmy and tranquil, the
vagrant breezes were laden with the odor of flowers, the murmur of bees
was in the air, there was everywhere that suggestion of repose that
summer woodlands bring to the senses, and the vague, pleasurable
melancholy that such a time and such surroundings inspire.
