# EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

SENDENCE SOLUTIONS, INC. (“SENDENCE”) IS ONLY WILLING TO LICENSE THE SOFTWARE
AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION PURSUANT TO THIS EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT (
“AGREEMENT”).  READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING AND USING SUCH
SOFTWARE.  BY ACCESSING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE,
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND YOUR EMPLOYER (“LICENSEE”)
TO BE BOUND TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS
AGREEMENT CREATES A LEGALLY ENFORCEABLE CONTRACT AND CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF
ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT MODIFICATION.  YOU
REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT ON YOUR EMPLOYER’S
BEHALF.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOREGOING TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT
INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.  Evaluation License.  During the Term (defined below) and subject to the
terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sendence grants to Licensee a
nonexclusive, nonsublicensable, nontransferable, limited license to install,
use, modify and create derivative works of the Software (defined below), on up
to three (3) servers, for Licensee’s internal, evaluation of the Software in a
non-production environment.  All licensed activity under this Section 1 shall
be in accordance with and subject to Sendence’s documentation and any
additional restrictions as are set forth herein.  “Software” means the
Wallaroo platform software and related modules used by Licensee, in both
object code and source code formats, and includes all updates, improvements,
APIs and add-ons provided by Sendence with respect thereto.

2.  Software Ownership; Restrictions.  Except as expressly and unambiguously set forth herein, Sendence and its licensors retain all right, title and
interest in and to the Software, all copies, modifications and derivative
works thereof, including without limitation, all rights to patent, copyright,
trade secret and other proprietary or intellectual property rights related to
any of the foregoing.  Licensee will maintain the copyright notice and any
other notices or Software identifications that appear on or in the Software or
any other media or documentation provided by Sendence hereunder.  Licensee
will not (and will not allow any third party to) (i) use the Software in a
production environment, (ii) provide, lease, lend, use for timesharing or
service bureau purposes or otherwise use or allow others to use the Software
for the benefit of any third party or (iii) allow the transfer, transmission,
export, or re-export of the Software or any portion thereof or any technical
data.  All the limitations and restrictions on the Software in this Agreement
also apply to all documentation.

3.  Feedback.  Licensee may, from time to time and in its sole discretion,
make suggestions for changes, modifications or improvements to the Software (
“Feedback”).  Sendence shall have an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide,
sublicenseable, transferable, full paid-up, royalty free right and license to
use, distribute and otherwise exploit all Feedback for any purpose.

4.  Confidential Information.  Each party agrees that all code, inventions,
algorithms, know-how and ideas and all other business and technical
information obtained from the other is the confidential property of the
disclosing party (“Confidential Information’’ of the disclosing party).
Except as allowed herein, during the Term of this Agreement and after any
termination hereof, the receiving party will hold in confidence and not use or
disclose any Confidential Information of the disclosing party and shall
similarly bind its employees and independent contractors in writing.
Confidential Information shall not include information the receiving party can
document:  (i) is or has become readily publicly available without restriction
through no fault of the receiving party or its employees or agents; or (ii) is
received without restriction from a third party lawfully in possession of such
information and lawfully empowered to disclose such information; or (iii) was
rightfully in the possession of the receiving party without restriction prior
to its disclosure by the other party; or (iv) was independently developed by
employees or consultants of the receiving party.  If required by law, the
receiving party may disclose Confidential Information of the disclosing party,
but will give adequate prior notice of such disclosure to the disclosing party
to permit the disclosing party to intervene and to request protective orders
or other confidential treatment therefor.  Upon the expiration or termination
of this Agreement, all of the Confidential Information (including any copies)
will be returned to the disclosing party, and the receiving party will make no
further use of such materials.  Money damages will not be an adequate remedy
if this Section 4 is breached and, therefore, either party may, in addition to
any other legal or equitable remedies, seek an injunction or other equitable
relief against such breach or threatened breach without the necessity of
posting any bond or surety.

5.  No Cost License.  The Software and any related services shall be provided
during the Term at no charge to Licensee.

6.  Services.  No training or support services are provided under this
Agreement.

7.  Term and Termination.  This Agreement shall commence upon the initial
download of the Software and shall continue for an initial term of ninety (90)
days (the “Term”).  The licenses and services and all rights of Licensee will
terminate on the last day of the Term.  The Term of this Agreement may only be
renewed by mutual written agreement of the parties.  This Agreement may be
terminated by either party upon ten (10) days prior written notice for any
reason or no reason whatsoever.  After termination or expiration, if Licensee
desires to continue using the Software, Licensee should contact Sendence to
obtain pricing and other terms applicable to commercial use.  Upon any
termination, Licensee shall immediately cease all use of the Software and
return all Confidential Information to Sendence (including all copies and
extracts thereof) and so certify the foregoing to Sendence.  The following
provisions will survive termination: 2-4 and 7-10, as well as all license/use
restrictions and confidentiality obligations. Termination is not an exclusive
remedy and all other remedies will remain available.

8.  Warranty Disclaimer.  The parties acknowledge that the Software is
provided “AS IS” and may not be functional on any machine or in any
environment.  SENDENCE MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT
OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, AND SENDENCE EXPRESSLY
EXCLUDES AND DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, ACCURACY, FREEDOM FROM ERRORS, FREEDOM FROM
PROGRAMMING DEFECTS, NONINTERFERENCE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE AND USAGE
OF TRADE.

9.  Limitations.  SENDENCE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO
ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED THERETO
UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY (I) FOR LOSS
OR INACCURACY OF DATA, OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR
TECHNOLOGY, (II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF
REVENUES AND LOSS OF PROFITS TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTIES, OR (III) FOR
ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF $500.00, EVEN IF SENDENCE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SENDENCE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
MATTER BEYOND ITS REASONABLE CONTROL.

10. Miscellaneous.  Neither this Agreement nor the licenses granted hereunder
are assignable or transferable; any attempt to do so shall be void.  Sendence
may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.  Any notice, report, approval
or consent required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing.  As between
the parties, Sendence will own all intellectual property rights in the
Software and anything else created in pursuant to the Agreement, including but
not limited to all copies, improvements, modifications and derivative works
thereof, related documentation and materials. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be
unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full
force and effect and enforceable.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been
made in, and shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the State of New York,
without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to
the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.  All
disputes arising in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to the
sole and exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state and Federal courts
located in New York, New York.  Any waivers or amendments shall be effective
only if made in writing.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive
statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and
cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating
to the subject matter of this Agreement.  The prevailing party in any action
to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorney’s fees and
costs in connection with such action.
